readme.md, before:


## ADVTRAINS ## realistic trains in Minetest!
by orwell96 and contributors(see below)

For up-to-date information, visit https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=14726


Manual:
See manual.pdf (might not be up to date)
For information on LuaATC see the file inside the advtrains_luaautomation mod directory.

License of code: LGPL 2.1
License of media: CC-BY-SA 3.0

Contributions:

Gravel Texture              : from Minetest Game
Initial rail model/texture  : DS-minetest
Models for signals/bumpers  : mbb
Steam engine / wagon texture: mbb
Detailed Steam engine       : mbb / Krokoschlange(animation)
Industrial engine/wagons    : mbb
Inventory images            : mbb
Small code contributions    : NaruTrey
Major code contributions    : gpcf
Mod Description             : hajo
Sounds:
advtrains_crossing_bell     : Codesound
advtrains_japan_horn        : Codesound
advtrains_steam_whistle     : googol 
advtrains_subway_horn       : https://freesound.org/people/Mullumbimby/sounds/385283/
advtrains_subway_*          : Gabriel (gbl08ma)

If I forgot someone please punish me for that.

You can see this mod in action on Linuxworks Next Generation server.

Commit message:

Advtrains 1.0 (pre-Interlocking) - frozen for eternity

readme.md, after:

This is advtrains 1.x
With introduction of the Interlocking system, the 1.x branch was discontinued. This tag preserves it for nostalgic purposes.

## ADVTRAINS ## realistic trains in Minetest!
by orwell96 and contributors(see below)

For up-to-date information, visit https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=14726


Manual:
See manual.pdf (might not be up to date)
For information on LuaATC see the file inside the advtrains_luaautomation mod directory.

License of code: LGPL 2.1
License of media: CC-BY-SA 3.0

Contributions:

Gravel Texture              : from Minetest Game
Initial rail model/texture  : DS-minetest
Models for signals/bumpers  : mbb
Steam engine / wagon texture: mbb
Detailed Steam engine       : mbb / Krokoschlange(animation)
Industrial engine/wagons    : mbb
Inventory images            : mbb
Small code contributions    : NaruTrey
Major code contributions    : gpcf
Mod Description             : hajo
Sounds:
advtrains_crossing_bell     : Codesound
advtrains_japan_horn        : Codesound
advtrains_steam_whistle     : googol 
advtrains_subway_horn       : https://freesound.org/people/Mullumbimby/sounds/385283/
advtrains_subway_*          : Gabriel (gbl08ma)

If I forgot someone please punish me for that.

You can see this mod in action on Linuxworks Next Generation server.
